exit
init ./config/taskmaster_cong.json
init ./config/taskmaster_conf.json
conf
config
ps
echo config
echo ps
start 
start 
echo config
echo ps
init ./config/taskmaster_conf.json
start
start random101
init ./config/taskmaster_conf.json
start random101
status
exit
history 1
exit
history 1
reboot
history 1
history 2
exit
stop
stop all
stop sleep23

reboot
status
stop random101
status
status
status
init ./config/taskmaster_conf.json
echo config
status
exit
stop random1-1
stop random101
status
exit
status
status

status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
exit
status
status
status
stop shg
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
start shg
status
status
init config/taskmaster_conf3.json
init config/taskmaster_conf3.json
start shg
init config/taskmaster_conf3.json
init config/taskmaster_conf.json
init config/taskmaster_conf.json
status
status
init config/taskmaster_conf.json
status
status
init config/taskmaster_conf.json
status
init config/taskmaster_conf2.json
status
print pss
init config/taskmaster_conf.json
start shg
init config/taskmaster_conf2.json
status
status
status
init config/taskmaster_conf.json
status
status
status
init config/taskmaster_conf2.json
status
stop random101
status
stop time_count
status
status
stop shg
status
init config/taskmaster_conf2.json
init config/taskmaster_conf.json
status
status
status
init config/taskmaster_conf2.json
status
status
exit
start shg
stop shg
exit
start shg
exit
start shg
exit
start shg
start shg
stop shg
exit
exit
start shg
print pss
exit
start shg
exit
start shg
exit
start shg
exit
start shg
stop shg
start shg
stop shg
print conf
exit
start shg
stop shg
exit
start shg
stop shg
status
exit
start shg
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
start shg
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
start shg
print pss
exit
print pss
start shg
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
print pss
start shg
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
exit
status
start shg
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
start shg
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
stop shg
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
exit
status
start shg
status
print pss
print pss
stop shg
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
exit
exit
start shg
stop shg
status
exit
start shg
stop shg


status
exit
start shg
stop shg



l
status
status
exit



status
exit
status
exit
status
status
start shg
stop shg

start shg
stop shg



status
status
status
exit
status
status



start shg
status
stop shg



exit
start shg
stop shg


exit

exit

exit

exit


exit





stop shg

stop shg


stop shg

stop shg

stop shg


start shg
init config/taskmaster_conf.json
start shg
stop shg
exit

init config/taskmaster_conf.json
exit
